IMPORTANT NOTE:
I changed one of my subgoals to 'Substantially reduce waste generation' instead of 'Remove market distortions that encourage wasteful consumption' because I believe we as induivudals can change more about recycling waste then remove market distortions.


In this README file I will describe my dashboards and what you can see there.
In this first dasboard (dashboard recycle):
- Top table: In this table you can see products that most people use in their daily household which can be recycled.
   	    This can be done by reusing them, giving them another purpose (for example: plant a plant and empty bottle of water instead of buying a bucket
	    or going to a special recycle point (for example: where theyr recycle/reuse phones or ipads)
	    People can look up for products and check if they use the content in their household.
- Down left: In this line graph you can see the recycling rate in percentage of the total municipal waste per year and per country preticed until 2030 if we change nothing in our recycling habits.
                       For now I only filtered on the the benelux and germany because these are countries close to the Netherlands.
	     This is an interactive graph so you can use the filter/slicer above the graph to see the progress over the years. (1990-2030) 
	     The years 2018-2030 are predicted based on the previous data by using the advanced anaytics tool from Tableau. 
	      As you can see Germany and Luxenbourg are doing pretty well and Belgium and the Netherlands faling a bit behind. Funny that you can see what the negative impact of the economic crisis in 2008 in the Netherlands.
	     If we do nothing the rcycle rate will keep on decreasing the Belgium and the Netherlands. Germany and Luxenbourg are still fine.
- Down right: In this line graph you can see the recycling rate in percentage of the total municipal waste per year and per country preticed until 2030 if we change something in our recycling habits
	      These predictions are based on the growth in the previous years, how the government functions and the discipline the people in a country have. For Example: In the netherlands people are very discplined if the government tells them someting (look at these corona times).
 	      And therefore the growth in the rate is very high. Belgium, Germany and Luxenbourg have a smaller growth.
	      As you can see Germany recylces over 50% of their waste and the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxenbourg are having that same linear growth.
	